Rust code (#91)
PECOS-packages/PECOS: development.md

   ```sh
   make venv
   ```
   <details>
   <summary>or manually set up a Python virtual environment for develop of this project's code.</summary>

   On Linux/Mac:

   ```sh
   python -m venv .venv
   source .venv/bin/activate
   pip install -U pip setuptools
   pip install -r python/quantum-pecos/requirements.txt
   make metadeps
   pre-commit install
   ```

   On Windows:

   ```sh
   python -m venv .venv
   .\venv\Scripts\activate
   pip install -U pip setuptools
   pip install -r python/quantum-pecos/requirements.txt
   make metadeps
   pre-commit install
   ```
   </details>

4. When developing in the development environment, be sure to activate the venv:

    On Linux/Mac:
    ```sh
    source .venv/bin/activate
    ```

    On Windows:
    ```sh
    .\venv\Scripts\activate
    ```

5. Build the project in editable mode
    ```sh
   make build
   ```
   See other build options in the `Makefile`.

6. Run all Python and Rust tests:
   ```sh
   make test
   ```
   Note: Make sure you have run a build command before running tests.

> 7. Run pre-commit (after [installing it](https://pre-commit.com/)) to make sure all everything is properly linted/formated
>    ```sh
>    make pre-commit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Run linters using pre-commit (after [installing it](https://pre-commit.com/)) to make sure all everything is properly linted/formated
   ```sh
   make lint
```
